# DSI-Capstone-I
Capstone I project for Galvanize DSI

---
## Overview
Myers-Briggs

---
## Data Source Description
I used a Kaggle dataset of web discussion forum posts at an MBTI site. The data is in .csv format and is 2 columns of 8675 rows. There are no null values. The firsts column is MBTI type of a user (one user per row of any of the 16 types) and the second column is a set of 50 posts for each user, as a single string, separated by a triple pipe ‘|||’. Posts are free-form text and can include links to other sites.

---
## Who is Posting and H
What kind of MBTI Type tends to be attracted to a discussion forum on MBTI types?

Log scale - no INxx

Note the whitespace differences in the upper right quandrant vs the lower left quadrant

https://personalityjunkie.com/infj-infp-intj-intp-modern-life/

---
## 4 x 4 plot
Not normalized by user count

---
## Bag of words / SKLearn

### Data Prep and Cleaning
The 8675 

### CountVectorizer
  use sklearn stopwords removed ~318 high frequency words from CountVectorizer results
    *** Explore custom stopword list ***
  set "min_df" to 2 (eliminates words in one one doc) - reduced corpus from ~145k words to ~50k words
  tf-idf - similar words in all types.  Used stopwords list, but need to expand.  Added cusom stopword list - some hocus-pocus, but does it pass the "are you an interesting word?" test?

### Word Clouds
  using tf-idf scoring for top 200 words in each word cloud, I made a string of words for a word cloud.  This strgin was generated by multiplying each word's score by 1000, rounding to nearest integer, and adding the word that many times to the string wiht spacing.
  Important to set 'Collocations = False' or the word cloud will generate word pairs given the list is sorted by duplicates

## Future improvements
 Additional cleaning of word list!  Stemming, Lemmatization

